and jon to you is happening something very
particular in the relationship with your dad and
with your cousins that is happening and he
is accusing me to my husband of
that the theft was by us
like my husband sent him and they approach
my cousins
all the time threatening those that we
they are going to kill that they are not jets what
that is but that they have contacts
and they live in alcalá carlos gardel se
they approach with people from there and well I
I'm scared for my family and the
threats are linked
to the theft that your dad suffered, of course, if
red the last robbery that had my dad and
they as they approached what was the
contact that they had with you
They come directly to my house
my cousin on a motorcycle or the other in cars
they come down like that they start shouting things for you
example that you can not say that you have
said that they were going to kill my husband
that is where my dad is afraid himself
he called me and threatened me saying that he
I had a posto for me and my husband had
duck and said that yes my dad told me to
another day that happened
and what may be happening with your dad
because he treats you like that and daddy
it includes a lot the head of my cousins ​​and
my aunt who are the ones who live with him and
they handle their things because they are not touched
nothing of the things of when they themselves
things are handled the silver that is left
yes the silver
we see little silver that has the
They manage their nephews, you have two
you are pregnant and he is pregnant
spending some money gave you money
I is not ever nothing happens
of the 14 years that did not happen to me anymore
nothing my grandmother secretly passes me a
merchandise or 100 pesos so when only
I was going to take care of him
how do you know it better than your dad's
what is happening to you let's say
why does this because it threatened
this way I overcame the influence of
the family but something else there must be the
I really do not know I do not know what's wrong with the
head not only my dad I want it
very much and I do not know why he is doing
all this to my brothers does not happen either
the silver that has to happen to him so
I do not know what's happening to you and where
we believe that this accusation came out for
you and your husband of the robbery and I guess that
of my cousins ​​who fill their heads
because they are here in the neighborhood and they say
what
from there that dies out there that
when you saw the last incident the robbery
who entered the house establishes
communication with her the calls you what
ask to see if the friends I went to see is
more was my daughter that day there that
I just left it to my grandmother to
have it the day of the robbery all your
daughter if the day of theft was my daughter
that's life left the baby
so they asked me if they could
have them
French so it's nonsense
obviously what they are saying is a
madness I will not leave my daughter if I know
what will happen to something like this
now we say a voice radic make a
complaint
you went to the justice police
because these threats if they went to
make a complaint yesterday when it is
cousin threatened my husband and also
Testify of everything I did that day
of my dad suffered the theft
now one can say that by they are
angry with your husband that there is some
problem but in this very serious case what
what your dad told you directly by
clear phone that I am the daughter the no
They think of me or my children
and before the theft of this situation that
is living him as the relationship with you
dad before he will suffer the
accident he had was excellent the
relationship but after that you
they started to handle all my uncles and my
cousins ​​was no longer the same how many
brothers are we are four and everything is in
the same situation remains with your
other brothers my other brothers have
15 who is a girl of 10 and 8 years and
they are also in the same situation to the
woman nothing happens to her is more she has
of lawyer Ana Rosenfeld and what is it
is handling everything now to be able
help me because that does not economically
I'm fine
bozzo had to not ask for money but
to end these threats and this
situation they live with you
and I do not ask for money I do not want anything
I want them to finish with this and that I
leave as calm as I can
there is a special situation with your husband
and let's say you have no affection for them
they had affection from the moment that I
I got pregnant my first daughter did not
They never wanted what they did was
losses for this yes always but
they also never know him or even like that
that they never accepted it and that's why
that now what you are telling us
that their cousins come and they throw the
he blames him and the voice of clear theft for that
same is that I am I want to make it public
because I do not know what to do
suppose your dad is looking
television and you're watching the note as the
first you give the face is that you would say to
what would you ask him I told him what would be
I talked to him I told him uncle
sorry for what he was saying
because he can not think of a thing if he
so I ask you to think a little bit of
the things that you do
what is your dad I love him so much
because it's my dad but I can not anymore
to follow is not too bad the relationship
with him to the point of this situation
that you lived that told you practically
that he wanted death so if this already
I have to put an end point and think
in me in my family
He never called you after that
last communication nothing not then the
week
we were there in a tattooed arm the
your dad's name if a while ago
repentant tattoo
ah
I was one to solve everything that
let's hope this interview serves to
to end with the threats that what
More worries you for your children
also if it is what worries me about my
children and for my husband also that no
I want nothing to happen to him and that neither
involve in that because he has nothing
what to see